---
id: 909
title: Last Month(ish)
date: 2017-05-16T01:30:04+00:00
author: wordpress
layout: post
guid: https://geekygirlsarah.com/?p=609
permalink: /2017/05/16/last-monthish-20170516/
medium_post:
  - ""
categories:
  - Last Week
tags:
  - last week
---
<p style="text-align: left;">
  &#8220;Last Week&#8221; should probably be &#8220;Last Month&#8221; at this point or &#8220;Last Couple of Months&#8221;, but I&#8217;m working on this anyway.
</p>

# Life

  * One of the best things this year has probably been finding a friend that I talk daily with and hang out 2-4 times a week. Though between when I started this post and publishing it, she sent a message thinking we&#8217;re moving in different directions and wanted to part ways. Definitely a really nice and bad thing combined together.
  * I sung with the Kansas City Women&#8217;s Chorus at their spring concert &#8220;We Can Do It!&#8221; And it was amazing and wonderful and beautiful. It was pretty amazing. It took me out of my comfort zone, but was definitely worth it! Unfortunately, there&#8217;s a summer break and I have to wait until the fall for the next concert to start!
  * I wrote a post about goals for this year, and I&#8217;m slowly checking off check boxes on things I&#8217;ve wanted to accomplish. Feels great to finally make progress on these things!

# Work

  * I&#8217;ve been at this job 9 months. And I still feel like there&#8217;s things I&#8217;m still having to figure out. I think it&#8217;s messing with my head a bit as I feel like it normally takes me a month or two to ramp up at previous jobs. Coworkers seem to still be fine with what I&#8217;m doing and my productivity rate, so this is apparently all in my head. (Yay mental games!)
  * I&#8217;m still on the module rewrite project. I&#8217;ve been implementing features on it for the most part since March.
  * I discovered one bug in the core framework as a result of my work, and have fixed that.

# Entertainment

  * Still playing Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess HD. I&#8217;ve completed all dungeons up to the final castle. That&#8217;s next.
  * Started and finished The IT Crowd. Besides a bit of transphobic garbage in one episode, it was pretty good. And also not totally what I was expecting, it was better!
  * I started The Bletchley Circle on Netflix a while ago. It&#8217;s a series about women code breakers from WW2, and how they get back together after the war to figure out some crimes. I started and finished season 2 and it&#8217;s so great!
  * I started Buffy the Vampire Slayer. (yeah, yeah&#8230; I know. I&#8217;m a loser for not watching it yet.) But have finished season 1 and maybe half of season 2.
  * I saw Guardians of the Galaxy 2 in the theater. It was good. And had a lot more feels to it than I expected, but was still really great!

# Published

  * [Last Week](https://dev.to/geekygirlsarah/nevertheless-sarah-withee-coded) (2/26/2017)
  * [Nevertheless, Sarah Withee Coded](https://dev.to/geekygirlsarah/nevertheless-sarah-withee-coded) (3/8/2017)
  * [Productivity and Mental Health](https://geekygirlsarah.com/2017/03/31/productivity-and-mental-health/) (3/31/2017 on here)
  * [Productivity and Mental Health](https://superyesmore.com/productivity-and-mental-health-e935300c30fec2cdf854fa7439d4c20b) (4/29/2017 on SuperYesMore)

# Talks

Mine:

  * I unfortunately cancelled my talks at Indy.Code() as it was causing a bit of a schedule conflict, but also money&#8217;s a bit tight right now and the conference or my work wasn&#8217;t paying for travel.
  * I am speaking at Self.Conference on May 19th and giving my &#8220;The Power of Secrets&#8221; talk
  * I am speaking at Code PaLOUsa in June and giving my &#8220;A Primer on Functional Programming&#8221; and &#8220;Intro to Hacking the Raspberry Pi&#8221; talks

# On the Internet

I decided not to post on here. It seemed too daunting to find the cool articles from my browser history for over a month. I&#8217;ll resume again next time.